Congratulations! if you are reading this then you have successfully used your
VM implementation to execute the program which displays this message. Or, at
least figured out how to decode this directly from the program image.

Either way, please include this output text in your submission zip-file in
a file named task1/result.txt.

Now, on to part II...

For this task, you will need to use the provided task2.bin file which is
another VM image. This VM program reads in a string of single character
"commands" on stdin using the VM getc instruction. Using these commands it
then generates a graphics file in SVG format as output.

Below are six examples of input command strings:

RULDX

PRUPRULDX

PRRUPCBEAX

PRUP J R K PRP JJJJJ R KKKKK PRP JJJJJJJJJ R X

PRUP M U N PUP MMMMM U NNNNN PUP MMMMMMMMM U X

PRUP KKKKKKKKKK KKKKKKKKKK NNNNNNNNNN A X

To complete this task you must first determine what the commands demonstrated
above do. Then, write a program which generates a series of commands which can
be fed into the VM program to produce an image which looks similar to the
bitmapped image in the provided maxeler.png file. Note that the image
need only look similar. A bit-identical image is not required (although, you
may attempt this if you wish).

Credit will be given for solutions with smaller numbers of commands to generate
your image and more accurate images. Furthermore, your answer may only consist
of a maximum of 20,000 commands. The task2.bin image will ignore any commands
after 20,000.

Exactly how you generate the commands or how similar your image is is up to
you.  However, as with your VM implementation, you must submit any source-code
or scripts that you write. Additionally you MUST also supply the commands used
to generate your final image in the task2/result.txt file in your submission
zip-file. You DO NOT need to submit your final SVG file.

Hints:
* Make sure your VM does not produce extra output (for example debug messages)
  which end up mixed in with the SVG text.

* If you are looking for programs to display an SVG image you might try;
  Firefox, Inkscape or ImageMagick. All of these are open-source programs and
  freely available for download for a variety of software platforms.

* Spaces in the input are a no-op command but are counted towards your 20,000
  characters.

* Command strings must be terminated by an 'X'.
